                   
Capture | WARFRAME Wiki | Fandom                                 
FANDOM     
   
	Games 
	Movies 
	TV 
	Video  
Wikis
     
	Explore Wikis   
	Community Central   
	Start a Wiki           
  
				Search			     
  
        
 
     
					Sign In				  
Don't have an account? 
					Register				      
	Start a Wiki                                 
WARFRAME Wiki  
5,791
Pages   
 Add new page         
Gameplay 
     
Quests
    
Vor's Prize  
Once Awake  
The Howl of Kubrow  
The Archwing  
Stolen Dreams  
The New Strange  
The Limbo Theorem  
Hidden Messages  
Patient Zero  
Natah      
Missions
    
Assassination  
Capture  
Defection  
Defense  
Excavation  
Exterminate  
Interception  
Rescue  
Sabotage  
Spy      
Game Mechanics
    
Attributes  
Codex  
Currencies  
Damage  
Foundry  
Maximization  
Mods  
Polarity  
Stance  
Stealth      
Tile Sets
    
Grineer Tileset  
Corpus Tileset  
Infested Tileset  
Orokin Tileset  
Tenno Tileset  
Conclave Tileset  
Archwing Tileset            
Combat 
     
Warframes
    
Ash  
Excalibur  
Frost  
Loki  
Mag  
Nova  
Nyx  
Rhino  
Trinity  
Volt      
Weapons
    
Primary Weapons  
Secondary Weapons  
Melee Weapons  
Archwing Weapons  
Weapon Comparison      
Mods
    
Regular Mods  
Aura Mods  
Stance Mods  
Nightmare Mods  
Corrupted Mods  
Augment Mods  
Conclave Mods  
Flawed Mods      
Factions
    
Grineer  
Corpus  
Infested  
Orokin  
Syndicates  
Sentient            
Development 
     
												WARFRAME											   
Version History
    
Update 27: Empyrean  
Update 26: The Old Blood  
Update 25: The Jovian Concord  
Update 24: Fortuna  
Update 23: The Sacrifice  
Update 22: Plains of Eidolon  
Update 21: Chains of Harrow  
Update 20: Octavia's Anthem  
Update 19: The War Within  
Update 18: The Second Dream      
Technical Information
    
System Requirements  
Running Warframe  
Settings  
Key Bindings  
Upcoming Features  
Stress Test      
Developer Videos
    
Dev Diaries  
DevStreams  
Prime Time  
Tenno Reinforcements  
Warframe Profile            
Community 
     
Forum
    
Warframe Discussion  
Wiki Discussion  
General Discussion  
Trading  
Mission Assistance  
Clan Recruitment  
Feedback and Ideas  
Questions and Answers  
Off Topic      
Community Portal
    
Recent Blog Posts  
Clan List  
User Guides  
Fan Zone      
Wiki Policies
    
Article Policy  
Media Policy  
Data Mining Policy  
Blog Policy  
Chat Policy  
Banning Policy  
Talk Page and Comment Policy  
Privacy Policy      
Administrators
    
6079Smith  
ArcticEngie  
Brizingr5  
ChickenBar  
Darthmufin  
SonyaUliana  
USouLz      
Editing Help
    
Styling Guide  
Template List  
Ask Administrators!      
												Report Users!											        
 Explore
    
Wiki Activity  
Random page  
Community  
Videos  
Images  
Forum        
 Discuss  
          
in: 
Missions  
Capture  
   
English    
Deutsch  
Español        
 View source   
     
							History						      
Comments (174)  
 Share          
For the photo-booth feature, see Captura.  
Capture        
The location of an enemy VIP has been discovered. Track them down and then capture them. Watch out, as these enemies would rather run from combat than fight. If they see you, they will run towards the nearest extraction pint. Defeat them before they can escape. Once a target is downed, press X  to capture these targets and teleport them to a waiting holding facility. 
—In-Game Description
Contents[show] 
Capture is a Mission type requiring the player to find a person of interest, incapacitate them before they escape, and capture said target before heading to extraction. 
Mechanics
Players must first locate the Capture Target, who typically spawns in a room used exclusively for the Capture mission type (though the Capture Target may spawn in a "generic" room that is used regardless of mission type). Once the Capture Target spots the player, the Target will immediately start running away to avoid capture, ultimately making his way to a ship or a safehouse. If the Target reaches that location, players will no longer be able to capture him, failing the mission. In order to actually capture the Target, players must attack him until he falls to the ground, helplessly squirming until the player interacts with the downed target, transferring him to a safe location. Players can head to extraction once the Target is successfully captured.
The Capture Target runs faster than most Warframes, is immune to most Warframe abilities, and will have an ability to evade his pursuers (such as Radial Blast or  Smoke Screen). Coupled with incoming enemy fire (who will ignore the target regardless of faction allegiance) and having much more health than the enemies present, players must get close in on the target quickly before they leave the map, where the mission will fail.
Once the target has fallen for 30 seconds, he will enter a bleedout state for the next minute. If players do not complete the capture before then, the target will die and fail the mission.
Capture missions may turn into Exterminate missions after the target has been captured. This is accompanied by Lotus saying "Change of plans, ignore your original objective, leave nothing alive". This seems to occur if the target has been captured very early on (needs testing). The mission will still count as a capture mission on completion and reward relics as normal, additionally, Exterminate missions of this type appear to have a much lower amount of kills needed to complete than normal.  
Locations  
Planet
Mission Name
Faction
Level
Tier  
EarthMantleGrineer2 - 41  
VenusVeneraCorpus5 - 71  
MercuryElionGrineer7 - 91  
VoidHepitCorrupted10 - 152  
MarsAraGrineer10 - 122  
PhobosSkyreshCorpus12 - 142  
CeresLexGrineer14 - 162  
JupiterAnankeCorpus16 - 182  
EuropaAbaddonCorpus21 - 233  
SaturnCassiniGrineer21 - 233  
UranusArielGrineer25 - 273  
Orokin DerelictCaptureInfested25 - 353  
LuaCopernicusCorpus25 - 303  
NeptuneGalateaCorpus27 - 293  
VoidUkkoCorrupted30 - 353  
PlutoHydraCorpus30 - 343  
ErisIsosInfested32 - 363
There are a total of 17 Capture Missions  
Enemy Types
Since Update 19.0 Capture enemy types are split into 3 tiers: Easy (1-10), Medium (10-20), Hard (20+). Unlike other missions types the tier does not affect the reward given from capturing a target.
Corpus Nullifiers and white-suited Corpus Targets (capable of creating a Snow Globe-esqe barrier) do not appear on lower level Capture missions.
These white-suited Targets often wield the  Glaxion, which seems to do far more damage to players than normal. 
Notes
 The Capture Targets drop Credits as they're attacked.
 Capture Targets cannot be  Banished by  Limbo, but can still enter the Rift Plane by walking into a  Cataclysm.
 Capture Targets cannot be  Mind Controlled by  Nyx.
 Capture Targets will flee the moment the Lotus tells you that you have found them, regardless of if the capture target itself has actually seen you or you have seen it.
Due to this, it is impossible to score stealth damage bonuses against the target. 
 Once the target is alerted, all enemies will become automatically alerted, making stealth kills impossible after this point. Enemies will also move to your position if you decloak from stealth, and there is no way to "reset" this alert status.
Capture targets may appear as Nullifier Crewmen. When capturing them, be aware that their nullifier shield will regenerate. If you are invisible or have a defensive ability on such as  Iron Skin, it will be removed upon entering the shield, allowing enemies around to attack.
Due to some targets releasing non-allied units like Shield Ospreys due to a bug, enemies may focus their attack on that enemy instead of you while you capture the target. 
Some Grineer Targets possess shields as well as armor, being the only non-boss Grineer enemies to do so.
Similarly, all Corpus Targets have armor, being among the few Corpus units to have such a commodity.
Targets cannot be knocked down, but can be ragdolled by slam attacks from the  Jat Kittag and other weapons.
All capture targets have significantly more health, armor, and shield than their level implies. In fact, some have double the stats of that level making higher level capture targets resist several shots from weapons like the  Tigris Prime.
You can trap the capture target in  Gara's  Mass Vitrify to trap the target and keep it from running away, making the objective easier. 
Rewards
Unlike other mission types, all capture missions outside of the Void pull from the same pool of rewards regardless of level. 
View Rewards List▾▾     
 Rewards  
  Ammo Drum  11.06%  
  Rush  11.06%  
  Health Restore  10.84%  
  Fast Deflection  10.84%  
  Fast Hands  10.84%  
  Magazine Warp  10.84%  
  Quickdraw  10.84%  
  Trick Mag  10.84%  
  Vitality  10.84%  
  Omni Ammo Box  0.34%  
  Molten Impact  0.34%  
  North Wind  0.34%  
  Pressure Point  0.34%  
  Shocking Touch  0.34%  
  Stretch  0.34%  
Locations: 
 Abaddon, Europa
 Ananke, Jupiter
 Ara, Mars
 Ariel, Uranus
 Cassini, Saturn
 Copernicus, Lua
 Capture, Orokin Derelict
 Elion, Mercury
 Galatea, Neptune
 Hydra, Pluto
 Isos, Eris
 Lex, Ceres
 Mantle, Earth
 Skyresh, Phobos
 Venera, Venus  
Up to date as of Hotfix 27.5.6       
 Rewards  
  Lith C4 Relic  12.5%  
  Lith C6 Relic  12.5%  
  Lith D1 Relic  12.5%  
  Lith K4 Relic  12.5%  
  Lith M5 Relic  12.5%  
  Lith N4 Relic  12.5%  
  Lith S8 Relic  12.5%  
  Lith W2 Relic  12.5%  
Locations: 
 Hepit, Void  
Up to date as of Hotfix 27.5.6       
 Rewards  
  Meso B4 Relic  6.25%  
  Meso C4 Relic  6.25%  
  Meso C5 Relic  6.25%  
  Meso D4 Relic  6.25%  
  Meso D5 Relic  6.25%  
  Meso E4 Relic  6.25%  
  Meso N9 Relic  6.25%  
  Meso R3 Relic  6.25%  
  Neo A3 Relic  6.25%  
  Neo I2 Relic  6.25%  
  Neo M3 Relic  6.25%  
  Neo N12 Relic  6.25%  
  Neo P1 Relic  6.25%  
  Neo R4 Relic  6.25%  
  Neo T2 Relic  6.25%  
  Neo Z5 Relic  6.25%  
Locations: 
 Ukko, Void  
Up to date as of Hotfix 27.5.6        
Bugs
There is a rare bug where when the Corpus capture target cloaks itself it will be cloaked permanently. This could possibly occur because of host or client lag.
 Sometimes, when an assassin/death squad appears, the capture target may glitch if the person capturing him dies and the death squad leaves. Usually it will make the target appear outside the map.
 Void capture targets will sometimes deploy units like Shield Ospreys to protect them, although these units are occasionally not allied with the caster or with the Corrupted faction, and therefore do not provide any benefit to the target.
 Targets may fall out of the map after being ragdolled if flying out of bounds, in similar locations where the player is teleported to the previous location after falling out. This can result in the mission failure, more commonly the target will teleport back to the location before being ragdolled.
 There is an uncommon bug where the player can actually kill the capture target. Although the target is "dead", an invisible body will still remain in its place and let the player capture it anyway, thus making it purely a visual glitch that does not affect gameplay.
 After the target has been captured, it is possible to still perform stealth kills on Hydra, Pluto. 
Media
 Capture as seen in the lobby (U9) "You are ours now. Welcome to the Fold." 1 of 3Add photo
Patch History
Hotfix 27.3.15
Fixed a script error that would occur for Clients if you loaded into a Capture mission after the Target-capturing animation had started.
Fixed a harmless script error that could occur when joining a Capture mission in progress right as the Target was downed. 
Hotfix 25.4.2 
Fixes towards ability to kill flying Capture Targets (Gas City), resulting in a mission failure. As reported here. 
Hotfix 25.3.2 
Fixed Grineer Capture Targets have a Shield that does not regenerate instead of Armor. 
Hotfix 25.1.2 
Airborne Capture Targets in the Gas City tileset will now keep flying when critically injured, with his jetpack set on fire. Upon landing he will continue his escape, but the powerful explosion of his own jetpack will knock him down. He is yours now to capture, Tenno! 
Hotfix 23.4.2 
Capture Mission Changes 
Capture Targets now have a 1 minute Bleedout timer after being downed for 30 seconds, upon which Lotus will now alert you that you’re running out of time to capture the Target. Capture missions had become an unofficial Endless mission with the tactic of leaving the Target squirming on the ground for hours while players dealt with the never-ending horde of enemies. The Bleedout timer has been added as a countermeasure to fix the unintended Endless Capture missions.
Hotfix 19.6.3 
Fixed Capture Targets not scaling with difficulty for real-time missions (Alerts, Invasions, Sorties, etc).
Fixed no Capture Target spawning in Kuva Siphon missions. 
Update 17.0 
Capture levels now have a single target following a longer escape route.
Capture targets now have increased health and special abilities.
Capture targets can now initiate lockdowns if they reach a room without any players.
New capture targets have been added to this game mode. 
Update 11.0 
Capture targets are now more dynamic and mobile: there are a range of tougher Corpus and Grineer targets with varying abilities and weapons will flee at the first sign of danger. Stop them from boarding a shuttle and escaping!     
 Missions  
 PvE
 Standard
 Assassination • Capture • Exterminate • Hijack • Mobile Defense • Rescue • Sabotage (Deception, Hive, Orokin, Reactor, Sealab) • Spy  
 Endless
Defection • Defense • Excavation • Interception • Survival  
 Archwing
 Exterminate • Interception • Mobile Defense • Pursuit • Rush  
 Empyrean
 Skirmish  
 Arena
 The Index • Rathuum  
 Free Roam
 Bounty • Heist  
 Special
 Assault • Infested Salvage • Junction • Recovery • Sanctuary Onslaught  
 PvP
 Clan
 Duel  
 Conclave
 Cephalon Capture • Annihilation • Team Annihilation • Lunaro  
 Arbitrations • Crossfire • Dark Sectors • Environmental Hazards • Invasions • Nightmare Mode • Nightwave • Sorties • Void Fissures     
Start a Discussion
		Discussions about Capture	      
							Capture one target?						 
9 messages    
Wrgower2508  
		I know this thread's last post date b4 yours was march '14.  why necro, why?		2016-10-04T05:51:52Z     
Sterma albatros  
		Because it's an interesting point for discussion and relevant now that players are chiming up about capture missions being dull ...		2016-10-04T11:03:42Z        
							Targets going through walls???						     
A Lone Tenno  
		I was running this capture mission and i used a redeemer to kill(incapacitate) the target near some pipes near a wall and the target slid thro...		2015-07-18T04:27:29Z      
See more discussions >    
Retrieved from "https://warframe.fandom.com/wiki/Capture?oldid=2086264"   
Categories:  
Missions         
Languages:  
Deutsch 
Español    
	Community content is available under CC-BY-SA
 unless otherwise noted.  
                        
Fan Feed		    
More WARFRAME Wiki    
1
Exploiter Orb    
2
Tusk Thumper    
3
Warframes                   
		Explore Wikis
	     
Rurouni Kenshin Wiki       
Let's Go Luna! Wiki       
Hilda Wiki                        
     
Explore properties   
	Fandom   
	Gamepedia   
	D&D Beyond   
	Muthead   
	Futhead    
Follow Us                          
Overview   
	About   
	Careers   
	Press   
	Contact   
	Terms of Use   
	Privacy Policy   
	Global Sitemap   
	Local Sitemap      
Community   
	Community Central   
	Support   
	Help   
	Do Not Sell My Info    
Advertise   
	Media Kit   
	Contact      
Fandom Apps
Take your favorite fandoms with you and never miss a beat.   
              
 
			D&D Beyond		               
WARFRAME Wiki is a FANDOM Games Community.  
		View Mobile Site	             
JokeyPsych   
EndgameHonest   
GalaxyQuest                               