In order to cut down on RAM necessities, we will create a text file, called 
text-1 for now. Which will simply have a prime item on each line. Where each
item is one we would like to farm, put in lowercase letters. we might also
want to put on each line the type of the item, being weapon, warframe, 
companion, etc separated by the item's name by a hyphen. This will help with
the url building process in the next step. we will also be creating a database
which will house all the data that we will construct our webpagge out of, for 
now, let's call it text-3.

The first real step is to create a program which can pull data from the warframe wiki.
This program will most likely ping a specific url and send all data stored
on a text file, each instance being called text-2. 
Note: maybe we can just pull the html doc of the site straight into a text
document, and parse it later. (it that allowed? I think so.) 

The next step is to create a second program whose sole job is to parse 
the raw info from a text-2 document into useful, more concrete data.
Since we will only be feeding info from prime item pages into this program,
there will always be relics needed on the page. This program will take 
these relics and each of the item's components rarity in that relic and 
put that info into our database, text-3. Then, if at all possile, this
program will look up the relic and figure out where to farm that specific
relic in the solar system. and add that to the item's portion of our database.   

the next step is to create a program that is a for loop, which takes all the
items in text-1, creates that item's warframe wiki url, and feeds that url to the 
first program, creating a text-2 instance. Then, the for loop will put that text-2
instance into the second program. Once all of the info from that text-2 instance 
is in our database, it moves on to the next item in text-1. Once all the items 
from text-1 are gone through, our database should be done. It is worth noting that 
we can separate items in our database however we wish by manipulating how the 
second program inputs data into text-3. 

finally we need to create the website using text-3. Once we get to this step, we
can format the website however we want. I think that the website will consist of 
a list of the prime items we want to farm, and each item can be clicked to expand
to the component parts, the relics to find those parts, the rarity in those relics
of those parts, and where to farm those relics in the solar system, if possible. 
Any style choice past that is just for fun. 